Update the coach schedule locations and indicate that coaches should … (#20)
WISVCH/nwerc-2023: content/schedule/coach_meeting_bapc.md

start: 12:15
duration: 1h15m
width: 1
location: Aula - Hall A
people: coaches from Benelux area
---
## Location
The BAPC coach meeting takes place in the Hall A of the [Aula Conference Centre](https://iamap.tudelft.nl/en/poi/aula-conference-center/).
You will be guided to the hall by volunteers from the Auditorium.

> Please use the elevator to reach the auditorium from the ground floor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the elevator to reach the top entrance of Hall A from the ground floor.
```

And same for all other coach meetings :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: This is intentional, If you take the elevator to Hall A/B, you end up in the foyer and that is where we don't want the coaches on Sunday.

Reviewer: Check, makes sense, thanks! :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Unless i'm greatly mistaken, but there is no elevator on the backside of the aula.
